Add transcript for episode 34 (#348)
haskellfoundation/haskellfoundation.github.io: podcast/34/transcript.markdown

And so that’s what LVars are. They generalize IVars a little bit to let you do this multiple increasing or what we call inflationary reads, or sorry, writes. And then reads have to be what you call threshold reads, which means you can only ask this limited set of questions. And you can put those together to get – what it turns out is a data structure that’s useful for deterministic parallel programming. 

> *WS (0:09:52)*: So this *(0:09:53 unintelligible)* sounds a bit like CRDT. What is it? Like conflict-free replicated data structures, data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*WS (0:09:52)*: So this monotonicity sounds a bit like CRDT. What is it? Like conflict-free replicated data structures, data types.
```
